hi guys it's me Sabrina again today I
would like to talk to you about an oil
that I purchased an Indian here all the
novotna oil I did a wash and goal today
actually in my hair is in the process of
air drying and this oil is just great I
have nothing but good things to say
about it let me tell you what it smells
like it doesn't have a few tea of fruity
fragrance it's a strong herbal fragrance
I can't really compare it to anything
but it doesn't smell bad and I just want
to tell you a little bit about novotna
oil to me put it to the side it's a
novotna oil is a automatic oil and what
that means is life wisdom and it
originated from India about five to ten
thousand years ago so on it's a really
really good oil and the Ru Vetta coils
are or herbal oils and the novotná oil
doesn't have any additives in it and
it's all natural and it doesn't have any
chemicals in it it's good for an array
of things it's good for your hair is
good for your scalp is good for
repairing damaged hair removing dandruff
hair loss making your hair hair
healthier and shinier it's also good for
baldness and alopecia and it has been
known to help people with headaches and
what I can say is when I did put it in
my hair I massage it into my scalp very
well and I put a plastic cap on and I
just let it sit I think I left it on for
about four hours as I did you know
household chores
and you immediately start to feel it
working you feel that it has a cooling
soothing effect on your scalp you feel
it penetrating your scalp is a
peppermint or some sort of mint is in it
and after I rinsed it out I washed my
hair with conditioner only and I use my
Tresemme naturals as you all know I do
and even after I rinse it out you can
still feel the cooling sensation of it
penetrating through my scalp when I was
done with my conditioner i sealed my
hair with oil
prior to renting it out and this is on
an oil concoction that I made myself
this um is a an 8 ounce bottle and what
I like about this bottle is it has
measurements on it one ounce half an
ounce two wild so it allowed me to you
know measure the oils that I wanted to
use in this my own hair oil and what I
used was two and a half ounces of olive
oil two and a half ounces of jojoba oil
one ounce of almond oil I also I didn't
use I wanted to use avocado but I
haven't been able to UM add that to my
supply so I used one ounce of coconut
oil instead a half an ounce of vitamin E
oil and one ounce of castor oil so I
just poured poured it all in shook it up
I keep this in my shower area so after I
conditioned my hair if I just want to
sell my hair with oil i saturate my hair
with the oil and I rinse it out but not
all of it out I just run the water
through it to get the excess oil out
because my hair does not do well with a
lot of oils I think I've mentioned in my
actually I have mentioned in my previous
videos that the too much saturation of
oils does weigh my hair down so you know
as I go
learning what works for me this I love I
can still feel novotna oil penetrating
my scalp and it just feels so good so
cool as my hair is air drying right now
and I use my Eco styling gel and I stop
my hair I you can see this I use the
shingling effect to just twirl and to
define my curl and I think it came out
really nicely it's growing it's healthy
and that's great you know so um
definitely
thumbs up for the oils if you have any
questions please leave them make your
comments below subscribe rate the video
and until next time